=encoding utf8

=head1 NAME

git-series-push - Push patch series to mailing lists

=head1 SYNOPSIS 

B<git-series-push  [options] --* [get_maintainer.pl options] -- [git-publish options]>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Simple script to wrap git-publish (https://github.com/stefanha/git-publish). The primary
goal is to send patch series to the linux kernel mailing lists in a easier and efficient
way. The script will automatically run get_maintainer.pl to infer to which mailing lists
and maintainers/reviewers the series has to be sent. After that, enter git-publish that
will save state between versions so that we don't have to keep rewriting covers and version
numbers are automatically set in place.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<-h, --help>

Display this help and exit.

=item B<-c, --count>

Should be the number of patches that will be included in the series. Defaults to 1.

=item B<-l, --lkml>

Include the Linux Kernel Mailing List. Since this is a very high traffic list, by default it is
not included for sending the patches as most of the times they are not really meant for lkml.

=item B<-n, --no-linux>

Does not run get_maintainer.pl. Naturally, implies --to (see L<git-publish(1)>) must be given.

=item B<-e, --end-series [branch]>

End a patchseries. This means deleting all version tags and the topic branch. If branch is not given, defaults
to where current head is pointing to.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Nuno Sa.

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Report any bug to https://github.com/nunojsa/tools

=head1 COPYRIGHT

Copyright (C) 2022 Nuno Sa. License GPLv2: GNU General Public License v2.0.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<git-publish(1)>, L<git-send-email(1)>

https://git.kernel.org/pub/scm/linux/kernel/git/torvalds/linux.git/tree/scripts/get_maintainer.pl
